let's follow the moves of the major
corporations and watch as they buy and
sell to have an insight into their
dealings publicly we can see if they are
ahead of the trend as they usually are
this would give us a view into the
future to be able to predict what is
just about to happen you came here for
the truth recently I did two videos
about the Rothschilds and what they have
been up to so I thought it would be
interesting to do some investigation
into the Rockefellers if you haven't
seen those videos already the links will
be in the description of this one so you
can make sure to check those out let's
begin this is a 13 F it's available on
the SE C's website it shows you all of
the holdings of all of these major
corporations you can see this publicly
now this happens to be the 13 F of the
rockefeller Financial Services Inc as
well as the Rockefeller & Co Inc you
could check these out if you wish and
any other corporation for that matter
but the SE C's website doesn't organize
it well and it's hard to see with a
small font so there are other websites
out there which take all of the
information from these 13 FS and
organize them give you good charts and
analysis on that so this happens to be
whale wisdom calm and one of the things
that they do is the allocation in this
chart here 13 F sector allocation over
time the one that I found particularly
interesting was energy energy with oil
for example has been declining a price
over the years here and you have seen
their allocation decline accordingly
something very interesting and they
believe that this is not the way to go
is that at least the way it seems what
we also need to understand is that
different companies for example with
technology here where the technology may
remain fairly consistent
my belief is that they have been selling
off certain companies and increasing
their allocation into specific
corporations namely Google namely Amazon
Facebook and others there is one
particular company that stands out let's
get into this right away this is another
website Holdings channel and they show
you a very similar thing here on their
site as well look at this rockefeller
Financial Services Inc this is their top
holdings you will see a lot of red all
the way down the board
that's very interesting this is as of
the end of June 2017 they are selling
off Facebook Oracle alphabet visa
Microsoft and Amazon two different
degrees so it's important to note what
they're selling it's important to note
the quantity but also how much of that
do they own in a percentage basis of
their total portfolio that's what's
interesting all three of those things
need to be a factor for you not just the
total number of shares or the total
dollar value you need to understand how
much of that is in their portfolio
because we're dealing with just them as
an individual company so remember that
and you'll notice a very specific
pattern here this is all tech they're
selling off tech big time now this is
important because tech had been rising
rising recently and they have probably
wanted to take their profits
that's important I mean any corporation
would do that any investor would do that
so this is important note however it
seems to be a growing trend especially
with one particular company so let's get
in closer on that back to whale wisdom
dot-com they show you this chart all of
the sells and buys that they've been
doing this is their holdings and you
will notice again read mostly across the
board right here it shows you as a
percentage basis and it shows you how
many shares it gives you all the
breakdown that's really good one that's
important to note is Microsoft
now they have just sold off a big
percentage here 15% that's quite
important to note I believe that we look
at Microsoft as a company that's
competing against various other
companies but a lot of this is chasing
the trend and these companies are
looking for more and more profit so they
have sold off three hundred and seven
thousand shares and they are losing on
their percentage basis compared to a
company like Amazon where they have sold
off some of the shares but to some
degree I mean it's just a small
percentage in relation you know I can
have 2% here so I found this important
what I want to know is that we have
particular trends here that they have
sold off on tech that is for sure they
have decreased their portfolio within
the energy sector that's definite and
that they have been taking profits on
their obvious gains that they have made
in the tech sector recently so that's
all I wanted to get you for this
I found it informative so I wanted to
bring it to you make sure that you see
those other videos on the Rothschilds as
well make sure that you do your own
investigation into any corporation you
wish you can see that either at whale
wisdom you could see that at Holdings
channel I will make sure to put the
links in the description look under the
sources here and it is something that we
need to pay attention to remember that
these are the big guys they know what's
going on behind the scenes they are
dealing with the insider trading they
are able to determine what's going to
happen before it actually does so let's
keep our finger on the pulse we will be
able to determine what's going to happen
at least to some degree we can tell that
this is an important corporation the
rock the violin fellers the Rothschilds
they are important we need to follow
what they do and not necessarily base
all of our decisions around them but
just to have that in the back of our
mind and remember so if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my books the money GPS and my
new release global economic collapse
even more informative
in the first book I get into the Ford
asset classes and how to profit from it
I talk about paper assets as well as
real estate and precious metals and
everything else and you can look that up
there as well as the global economic
collapse this is a much more condensed
book I get into familiar topics but I
also touch on becoming self-sufficient
reducing your monthly expenses and solar
panels and all of that type of business
so if you're interested in that that's
available in the links in the
description below
take care